Participants: Andrew Lister, Michael Wathen, Tyrone Rees, Tom Farmer, Tim Snow

Recurrent items
----------------
* Any outstanding PRs?
* Any specific issues?
* Anything for next sprint?

New items
---------
* Multi-model/data support:
  - [Issue #4](https://github.com/fitbenchmarking/fitbenchmarking/issues/4) and concept of global params
    - Flag if capable per minim (e.g. SAS and Mantid should be able to do this)
  - Define multi-model

Reminders
---------
* How it is going with adding SasView problem definition files?
  - Tim has passed to Anders
* Laying out an agenda for FIRST yearly Fitbenchmarking meeting
